from the outside seemingly halting like the rush hour when the fans know five
Points distance to Münster block the way up
but that should change tomorrow when he comes again
that means close
the 1
Schlagerspiel Münster Bielefeld indeed a van e-tron
in the office, the ruble rolls against the traditional duel of Westphalia
the Ostfalen as none of the fans miss and 900 Courteney
Sales proceeds to get baskets 150 pounds tomorrow are all federal and
already gone
Hamminkeln
from outside to outside over a total
Appraisers for the purpose of the association will make tomorrow on the way
some hundreds are expected to the Münster Prussian Stadium
and ethics
1 0
3 1
2 1
more than one hour final training appointment in the Bielefeld Cycle Track
everyone is fit so it was mentally good to hear and highly motivated the 0 to 3
They want to make up for defeat in the first leg at home on the
Alm against the Prussians the tactics for tomorrow will not betray as well in the
Fog not recognizable anyway certainly not a possible one
team's formation,
The motivation is definitely percent good against Munster also in view of
a week later the match against Verl on television first live
be transmitted
In addition, player Sprengler is often about that he was allowed
exceptional situation although some already played in the professional field
but
even words play as a game and we know in your games Münster
win here is the next week Burlo title follows right
We all want to do everything we can to win the game
that it did not get any better and maybe a bit luckier though
I think that the guys used very well in the game only to win
we'll keep our fingers crossed
more than a year or tomorrow is the dream of the championship
fought
Tomorrow evening at this time we are smarter in the thick fog of heavy
Gang to Münster by bus and with much hope the Arminen roles but still
Abreu Chen not lost